docs: add metadata to all remaining pages (#1246)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/how-to/web-app-rocks/index.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: How-to guides for initializing, configuring, and using 12-factor app rocks with web framework extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :description: How-to guides for designing, building, and debugging rocks of 12-factor web apps.
```
